




Blacktech Solutions Business Trust
 TRUST













Blacktech Solutions Business Trust   
DECLARATION OF CONTRACT AND INDENTURE 
Table of Contents 
Name and Date of Creation……………………………………………………………….………….4 
Governing Instruments…………………………………………………...…………………………..7 
Certification…………………………………………………………………….…………………….7 
Domicile of Company…………………………………………………………………………………7 
Board of Derrell A. Blacks………………………………….………………………………………………….8 
Managed as a Trust Estate……………………..………………….………………………………….9

Trust Estate Corpus...…………………………………………………………………...……………..9 

Trust Estate Purpose……………………………………………………………………………..….....9 

Protector……………………………………………………………………………………….…..….10
  
Trust Certificate Units (TCUs)………………..………………………………..………………………13
100 TCUs for EXCHANGE……………………………………….…..………….………….…….13 
Inheritance of ..………………………………………………….….……………….………….14   
TCUs for Officers of Trust………………………………….…….………………..…………….14  
No personal Liability………………………………………………………………………...….14
Transfer of TCUs………………………………………………………………….……………..14
Holder Removal…………………………………………………………………………………14 
Beneficial Interest……………………………………………………………………………………..15 Audits Requested by the Beneficiaries………………………………………………..………………16 Restrictions, Responsibilities and Options…………………………………………………….………17 
Obligations of the Derrell A. Black………………………………………………………………………...….18 
Derrell A. Blacks…………………………………………………………………………………………..…...18 Number of Derrell A. Blacks………………………………………………………………………….…..18 Majority……………………………………………………………………………………….....19 Qualifications………………………………………………………………………………...….19    Adverse and Independent Derrell A. Blacks………………………………………………………..……20 Additional or Successor Derrell A. Blacks…………………………………………………………….….20 Derrell A. Black Management and Control of Trust Estate………………………………………….…...20 CoDerrell A. Black………………………………………………………………………………………...21 General Manager………………………………………….…………………………….………22                                Executive Secretary…………………………………………………………………….………..22  Treasurer…………………………………………………………………………….……………23 ∙ Steward………………………………………………………………………………………….23 ∙ Caretaker…………………………………………….………………………….……………….23 
Derrell A. Black Responsibilities and Restraints…………………………………………….………..………...23       Derrell A. Black Powers…………………………………………………………………….…….……………..25 
Powers of the Derrell A. Black to Build the Assets of the Trust………………………………………………..27 ∙ Powers Held……………………………………………………………………………..………..27 
Derrell A. Blacks Duties and Limited Liability……………………………………………………….………..….27 Third Parties…………………………………………………………………………….…..……….…..28 Resident Derrell A. Blacks Termination…………………………………………………………….………...….28      Derrell A. Black Liability for Negligence…………………………………………………………..…..…….…...29     Derrell A. Black Resignation and Appointments………………………………………………...…..……….….30         Third Parties relying on the actions by the Derrell A. Blacks………………………………………..……….….31                    Meetings and Minutes………………………………………………………………………..…….…..31 Privacy……………………………………………………………………………………………….….32 Power to Distribute Principal…………………………………………………………………..….……33 Power to Deal with the Trust Estate Property…………………………………………..………….…..33 Power of Attorney……………………………………………………………………………….….….34 
Power to Borrow from the Trust Estate…………………………………………………………….….34 Termination of the Trust Estate…………………………………………………………………….…..34 Accounting………………………………………………………………………………………….…..35 
Responsibilities…………………………………………………….………….……………….….35∙ Distributions…………………………………………………………………………………….…35 
Charitable Contributions………………………………………………………………..……………..36 Administration Expenses…………………………………………………………………..…………..37 
Life and Duration of the Trust Estate…………………………………………………………………..37 Copies of Originals………………………………………………………………………………..……38 Severability……………………………………………………………………………………..………38 
    Index……..…………………………………………………………………………………………..…38













United States of America 
               STATE REPUBLIC 
DECLARATION OF CONTRACT AND INDENTURE OF 
                                       Blacktech Solutions Business Trust  
    June 23, 2026 AT 00:00PM 
I, Derrell A. Black of this Trust Estate, declare and announce that I intend to create and do create a  Trust to manage other Trust and legal entities. This allows the Derrell A. Blacks of it to act under the  name as shown above and as named in Section I, Paragraph A, below. 
This document is a Declaration of Contract and Indenture and is hereinafter referred to as an  “Indenture.” 
The Derrell A. Black declares and sets up an inter vivos Trust Estate for the benefit of heirs shown on  suitable schedules within this indenture as Trust Holders, hereinafter referred to as Holders,  and their Beneficiaries. The Derrell A. Blacks thus appointed are charged with the responsibility to  govern wisely so the generations to follow enjoy the benefits of this Trust Estate. 
Derrell A. Black agrees and covenants that Derrell A. Black has not engaged and will not engage in any secret agreements or pre arrangements of any type with the Derrell A. Blacks of this contractual Trust Estate. The Derrell A. Blacks are not obligated to act in any manner other than as fair, unbiased and  independent fiduciaries in the best interest of the Holders. 
It is expressly declared that a Trust Estate by Contract is created and not a: 
∙ Trust agreement by gift 
∙ Partnership 
∙ A company by statute 
∙ Association 
∙ Corporation or Limited Liability Company 
∙ Joint Venture 
∙ Entity of statutory nature






Nothing hereon will be construed as an intent to evade or go against any law, nor to delegate  any special power belonging only to a company or to a franchise of incorporation. 
The Derrell A. Black requires, as part of considering this Contract, the Board of Derrell A. Blacks to act solely on  the rights secured under the Common Law of Contract, and the immunities granted by it, in  managing this Trust Estate. 
A court of law does not grant authority nor is it required to give authority to the Board of  Derrell A. Blacks and no court exercises any power conferred within this. There is no need to make current reports or any accounting to others than the Holders.  
Should it become necessary for a court of competent jurisdiction to protect the corpus here, it  too will be guided by the terms, conditions, purposes and intent of this Indenture, and the  minutes interpreting the same. 
1. Common Law Trust Estate
A. This Common Law Trust Estate, also known as Blacktech Solutions Business Trust, contractual entity, was created on DATE OF ESTABLISHMENT, in the Republic of State.
 B. It is sanctioned to exist and function by and through the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, by all the  conditions outlined, described in and explained in this document. Listed on proper schedules, certain assets are managed by the Derrell A. Blacks for Holders represented by Trust Capital Units as shown on numbered Trust Certificates, under the inalienable Common Law rights granted to man. 
2. Irrevocable Status and Jurisdiction 
A. Irrevocability: This Trust Estate is irrevocable and cannot be changed in any manner by  the Derrell A. Black. The Derrell A. Black does not reserve or hold dominion or control over the Trust Estate, nor any  power to control the Trust Estate. They cannot change Beneficiaries, or remove or appoint other Derrell A. Blacks, or exercise administrative powers over the Trust Estate or its property. Derrell A. Black will not revoke, change or end, or change in any manner this Indenture. The Derrell A. Black cannot exercise any other significant power about this Trust Estate after its creation not specifically set forth to be exercisable by the Derrell A. Black within this Indenture. 
B. The Derrell A. Black has no possessory interest in the Trust Estate, no reversionary interest, and no retained interest whatever. 
C. Neither the Exchanger nor any Holders will have any right to revoke or amend this  indenture. 
D. This indenture may be amended only by the unanimous action of all Derrell A. Blacks and Trust Holders of this Trust Estate. This change or adjustment is only applicable if it is considered necessary to prevent dissipating the income or assets of the Trust Estate. It may also be amended to secure a more efficient administration of the Trust Estate. Any change is in accord with the purposes of the Derrell A. Black expressed in  this Indenture. This power will not extend to nor be used for ending this Trust Estate. 
E. The Derrell A. Black further states Derrell A. Black has been fully advised about the legal effect of completing this Trust Estate and admits that Derrell A. Black is fully informed about the character and amount of the property herein transferred and conveyed. Further, the Derrell A. Black gave careful consideration to the question of whether this Trust Estate is Revocable or Irrevocable and the Derrell A. Black or others may transfer other  properties to the Derrell A. Black. This brings the properties from other Holders within the management of this Trust Estate. 
3. Common Law Organization 
A. The Derrell A. Black expressly declares this Trust Estate is created based on the freedoms and rights inherent in the common law of the Republic of the United States of America. All references in this document to the United States refer to the Continental United States of America in its original context as set forth in the Constitution for the United States, the Bill of Rights and the state constitutions of the several sovereign States comprising the union of the United States of America. Created under the common law of contracts, this Trust Estate is protected by Article 1, Sec. 10, Paragraph 1 and  Amendment 14. Section 1 of the Constitution for the United States. It is, therefore, not created under the statutes of any United States and does not depend on any statute for its existence. It is neither a  partnership or a corporation, but a separate legal entity having its own common law identity. It is not subject to the definitions found in the Buck Act about a "State within a State," nor a federal territory as defined in the Buck Act. 
B. Nothing contained herein is intended to consent to, or participate in, the "conduct of a trade or business, is “commerce,""commercial activity," or "business" within an alleged federal state, District of  Columbia. This applies to other actual or asserted federal places or jurisdiction or a corporate judicial district, including, but without limitation to, Article 1 Section 8, Clause 17, Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 a "Federal area" or "State" as defined in, among other places, the Buck Act at 4 U.S.C.S., Sections 105- 110 (d) and (e), respectively. It is further described within "Jurisdiction Over Federal Areas within States, Report of the Interdepartmental Committee for the Study of Jurisdiction Over Federal Areas Within States," presented to the Attorney General and President Eisenhower (Part I April 1956; Part II, June  1957). 
4. Governing Instruments 
The terms set forth in this Indenture as interpreted by resolutions recorded in the minutes of its meeting serve as the governing instruments of this Estate, and its Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 

5. Certification

A. This agreement, conveyance, and acceptance is made on the date appearing on this Indenture, as this is the date of verbal agreement. The notarized signature testifies to the date of the verbal agreement. 
B. This Indenture is by and between the Derrell A. Black and the First Derrell A. Black who establish this Trust Estate for and in consideration of Blacktech Solutions Business Trust (No less than $1.00), and the acceptance by the First Derrell A. Black of the property to be conveyed, and the conditions, terms and provisions of this Indenture. 
C. The Derrell A. Black transfers to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust Estate certain property, the  description of which is now and described as Initial corpus and accepted through minutes of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. These minutes are incorporated by reference immediately on its execution. The Derrell A. Black warrants his authority to transfer such interest in this property as is named to be exchanged in minutes. 

6. Domicile of Trust - Situs 

A. This Trust Estate is originally domiciled and governed under the Constitutional Laws of the Republic of State where the Indenture will be interpreted and construed. The controlling interpretational laws, under which this Trust Estate is construed, may be changed to any other state or nation believed prudent, wise, necessary, or proper by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks or by the Protector's decision under his or her powers listed in Section XI. 
B. The principal resident address of this Trust Estate may be changed by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks in the best interest of the administration. 

7. Board of Derrell A. Blacks 

A. No Derrell A. Black will be a corporation or banking institution as these organizations often change management. The disposition of this Trust Estate may be shuffled in the transitions and, thus, ignored. Only people of personal integrity, known by others to be reliable and steadfast, will be Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust Estate.                                                                                                                                                                 
B. The First Derrell A. Black is the first member of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust Estate.                                        C. The assets and emoluments thereof immediately vest in any new Derrell A. Black chosen by the First Derrell A. Black as fiduciary without further act or conveyance, except as may be required by local law.                            
D. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks, at its sole discretion, appoints Derrell A. Blacks or officers who serve to  protect the assets of this Trust as appropriate to its affairs. 
E. The First Derrell A. Black, by signing this Indenture and the Acceptance hereby accepts on behalf of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks the property and fees now agreed to and set forth in schedules and subsequent minutes. 
F. The First Derrell A. Black appoints other Derrell A. Blacks and Officers who constitute the entire Board of Derrell A. Black for this Trust Estate.
I. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks cannot have any less than three (3) members, i.e., two (2) Derrell A. Blacks, and one (1) Executive Secretary who is not a voting member. 
II. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks is the governing body of this Trust Estate. 
III. The Derrell A. Blacks, and not the Officers, are legally responsible for this Trust. 
IV. Derrell A. Blacks who are appointed by the First Derrell A. Black sign an Acceptance of Trust and      thus become responsible to uphold the terms of the Indenture. 
V. The assets and emoluments of it immediately vest in any new Derrell A. Black(s) as fiduciary without further act or conveyance, except as may be required by local law. VI. The First Derrell A. Black is not required to have a bond. No bond is required of any Derrell A. Black appointed to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks unless the Board, by proper minutes, needs such of any newly appointed Derrell A. Black for legal reasons or specific applicable circumstances. In this matter,  the Trust Protector needs to be involved in the decision. 
8. Managed as a Trust Estate 
A. Anyone may add property of value to the Trust Estate by gift, grant, conveyance,  exchange, insurance proceeds, assignment, will or any other method so long as the  property and method of transfer is approved by the Derrell A. Blacks. 
B. The criteria for accepting assets is as follows: 
1. Intrinsic Value 
2. Longevity or its likelihood to increase in value. 
3. If the Exchangors want to sell the asset prior to his or her death, it should not be  put into the Trust Estate, unless the proceeds of the sale are to accrue to the  Trust Estate. 
4. Capacity to create a positive cash flow. 
5. A valuable collectible. 
6. Use by Beneficiaries. 
7. Can be converted to cash. 
C. All assets belonging to the Trust Estate are listed on the schedules kept in the record  books of the Trust Estate, and are managed as provided herein. 
D. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks must use discretion in accepting assets, and not burden the  administration with unnecessary inventories and cataloging unless assets merit the time  and expense to keep them. 
9. Trust Estate Corpus 
A. The property forming the initial corpus of the Trust Estate is Federal Reserve Notes of  One ($1.00) U.S. Dollar Bill, plus assets shown on Schedule A in the section of the Trust 
records applicable to assets including suitable exhibits as necessary, listed and  recognized in the initial minutes. 
B. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks handles the administrative needs of the initial corpus. 
C. Such property, with any other property added by the Derrell A. Black or other Exchangers, is to  become part of the Trust Estate and subject to all the terms of this Indenture. 
D. The first assets of this Trust are used for the initial administrative purpose. The initial  exchange of assets received from the Derrell A. Black creates the initial Corpus. Any added property received from any future Exchanger or any party will be added to the initial corpus and considered corpus. 
     E. The corpus total forms the baseline to be used in accounting methods and procedures, and to determine the difference between income and corpus. 
10. Trust Estate Purpose 
The purpose of the Derrell A. Black in setting up this Trust Estate, besides those purposes expressed or  implied in other sections of this indenture, include: 
A. To provide for managing the Trust Estate assets by natural persons acting in the fiduciary capacity to preserve, conserve, keep, invest, and develop such assets for the benefit of the Holders and their heirs. This administration is recorded in minutes, and in the manner designated in this indenture. 
B. To prevent the dissipation of wealth; 
C. To provide for loved ones and others; 
D. To provide for and encourage wise stewardship of asset; 
E. To begin a program to increase the liberty and freedom of the Officers and Holders of the Trust Estate; 
F. To promote family, and lend support to families associated with the Trust Estate; 
G. To have the Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust receive property, income, profits, interest, dividends or other objects of value to be paid out yearly as set forth within this indenture and its  attached schedules; 
H. To provide information so the Derrell A. Blacks have a clear understanding of the direction and  intent of the Derrell A. Black; 
I. To provide liability protection, privacy, and asset protection from unwarranted creditors and spendthrifts on the Trust Corpus and assets; 
J. To encourage moral integrity; 
K. (Add your custom purpose for the trust or delete this section)

11. Protector

A. The Protector ensures mediation and arbitration. 
B. The Protector secures and protects the present and contingent distribution rights of the  Trust Certificate Holders. This includes: 
I. The overall legal status and holding of Trust property; 
II. Actions by its fiduciaries which could be harmful or destructive to the Trust Estate; 
III. Actions which might bring discredit on the Trust Group. 
C. The Protector cannot be subservient or subordinate to any Derrell A. Black or family member of  the Derrell A. Blacks. 
D. The Protector can advise the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, should the Derrell A. Blacks so wish. 
E. The Protector will receive reasonable compensation for this position as agreed between  the Board and the Protector. 
F. The Protector signs a separate agreement that becomes part of this indenture when  accepting the position with this Trust. 
G. Appointments 
I. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks appoints the first Protector. 
II. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks has the right to choose a succession of at least two Protectors to be on file within the minutes of this Trust Estate. 
III. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks reserves the right to set up instructions and standards for choosing succeeding Protectors. The details will be in the minutes. 
H. Powers of the Protector 
I. The Protector has the right and authority, on due cause, in his or her sole discretion, to dismiss a Derrell A. Black on written notice, delivery by Certified Mail with a Notarized Affidavit of Mailing to said Derrell A. Black’s address. Due cause can be, for violation or lack of fulfillment of the indenture, and behavior which causes dishonor to the Trust. 
II. While the First Derrell A. Black can dismiss a Co-Derrell A. Black, only the Protector can dismiss a  First Derrell A. Black. 
III. The Protector has the right to change characteristics of the Trust to avoid exposure of the assets to risk. This includes a change of Derrell A. Black, situs or country. 
IV. The right to increase or decrease Trust fees, salaries, wages, and distribution  percentages to ensure they are in alignment with cash flow to protect the corpus of the Trust for the Beneficiaries. 
V. The right to ask for an audit of the Trust to help, teach and develop better protocols to protect assets, or as part of an investigation into the Derrell A. Black’s conduct. 
VI. The right to break a tie vote of the Derrell A. Blacks. 
1) This may occur on the following occasions:
a) If the Board of Derrell A. Blacks has an even number of Derrell A. Blacks, and they  become deadlocked in a decision; 
b) If some of the Board of Derrell A. Black Members abstain from voting,  causing the number willing to vote to be an equal number, and  
                                                         they are divided equally in their vote, thus unable to make a  
decision. 
2) The Board of Derrell A. Blacks may choose to: 
a) Table the matter, to decide later. 
                                                  b) Call the Trust Protector to cast the deciding vote. 
3) The TCU Holders may ask the Protector to cast the deciding vote. If the Beneficiaries request the decision be made, the vote cannot be tabled. 
4) If the decision impacts the welfare of Beneficiaries and cash flow, or the Trust Estate’s status, the Protector may intervene and call for a vote. 
5) The Trust Protector must settle the issue based on the following criteria: 
                                               a) The long range benefit to the Beneficiaries 
                                               b) The best circumstances for the Beneficiaries 
                                               c) The least harmful course
                    d) The most suitable decision in alignment with the terms of the 				indenture
                                  e) The most applicable course in alignment with the design of the Trust             				 Derrell A. Black 
                                                 f) Other deciding reasons relevant to the matter. 
6) The Trust Protector's reason for the decision must be recorded, and is final and binding on the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
I. Limits 
I. The Protector is not a member of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
II. The Protector cannot be a Beneficiary, nor can his or her spouse, children, sons or daughters-in-law, mother, father, or brothers and sisters, or anyone to whom the Protector may be loyal to. 
J. Removal of a Protector 
I. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks keeps the right to fire or hire the Protector at his or her own discretion. 
II. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks has the authority to replace a Protector on death or  resignation, only if the Derrell A. Black is unavailable to choose another.
III. If the removal of the Protector is for medical reasons, the Board of Derrell A. Blacks has the power to demand the Protector get a certification of competency to continue to serve in the role of Protector. Failure to produce the necessary medical certification within a reasonable, named time, is an automatic resignation. 
IV. Removal of a Protector can be by: 
1) The Derrell A. Black with or without cause 
2) More than two-thirds of the Certificate Holders based on the TCUs held. 
3) The Board of Derrell A. Blacks, based on satisfactory and enough evidence of unfit. 
        a) Drug or alcohol addiction. 
                                                b) An illness which prevents the Protector from functioning. 
V. All procedures to remove a Protector are confidential. 
VI. The Minutes of this removal documents the Protector removal proceedings.   K. Removal of a Derrell A. Black 
I. Keep the removal of a Derrell A. Black confidential if the Derrell A. Black so removed wishes the  matter kept so. The Derrell A. Black should express this wish to the Protector or the  Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
II. Before dismissing a Derrell A. Black for medical reasons, the Protector can insist the Derrell A. Black get a certification from, at least, one doctor stating he or she is fit to serve as a Derrell A. Black. Any refusal to provide the proper documentation within a  named period of time, not to exceed Twenty (20) days, is a resignation. 
III. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks has the authority to replace a Protector on death or  resignation only if the Derrell A. Black is unavailable to choose another. 
L. Derrell A. Black’s Power to Remove a Derrell A. Black 
I. Only if the Protector does not perform his or her duties, in response to the request of the Trust Certificate Holders or Beneficiaries, will the Derrell A. Black help with the removal of a Derrell A. Black. 
II. The Derrell A. Black enters with others to remove a Derrell A. Black for just cause, and under the  guidelines set forth within this Trust Instrument. 
III. The Derrell A. Black holds the power to remove a Derrell A. Black for violation of the Indenture if  there is enough documentation to show the following added circumstances also exist: 
(1) The Protector is nonresponsive or there is no Protector. 
                              (2) To prevent the Trust from needing a court-appointed Derrell A. Black.
(3) To save the assets from compromise or threat of legal entanglement if the current Derrell A. Black remains. 
IV. The Derrell A. Black becomes involved in removing a Derrell A. Black, if there is no other Derrell A. Black or the current remaining Derrell A. Black is unresponsive or part of the trouble. The Derrell A. Black may, then, appoint a new Derrell A. Black with the approval of no less than one third of the Trust Certificate Holders, based on the number of TCUs each holds.  Two-thirds must approve only if any of the Trust Certificate Holders oppose  appointing the new Derrell A. Black. 
M. Counseling Trust Members 
I.  The Protector is the natural counselor and mediator should any disputes arise between the members of the Trust. 
N. Investigation of Derrell A. Black 
I. Inform the Protector by giving him or her copies of relevant or periodic minutes. 
II. Any Trust Certificate Holder or Beneficiary may ask for an investigation into a  Derrell A. Black’s conduct and behavior only as it relates to the Trust. The Protector may ask support from the Certificate Holders in examining any of the Derrell A. Black’s conduct. 
III. He or she may ask the Board of Derrell A. Blacks and other suitable advisers to review  circumstances and evidence, or to report to him or her any events about the  investigation. 
IV. The Protector can receive any information or documentation of any transaction,  correspondence, or any other dealings of the Trust. 
O. Replacement of Derrell A. Blacks is by either of these methods: 
                      I. Majority vote of the Trust Certificate Holders, excluding the Derrell A. Blacks. 
II. Approval of the Derrell A. Blacks’ choice by a majority of the Trust Certificate Holders. 12. Trust Certificate Units (TCUs) Creation
A. 100 TCUs for Exchange 
I. The Trust Estate is composed of 100 TCUs representing the corpus of the Trust Estate. These units are non-assessable and nontaxable, and nonnegotiable. 
II. There will not be more than 100 TCUs. These units can be fractionalized at the    discretion of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
           B. Title Only Vests at Termination 
I. No title to any of the Trust Estate assets or the income from it will vest in or to any Holder until terminating the Trust Estate. 
II. Neither its income nor its principal will be liable for any debts of any Holder. Holding Units does not entitle the Holder to any management power or rights. 
III. The death of a Holder or transfer by a Holder does not entitle heirs, legal  representatives, or transferees to demand a division of the assets of this Trust  Estate; nor any special account; nor entitle them to any greater rights than that to  which the former Unit Holder was entitled. 
C. Inheritance of TCUs  (Expand this section. Be specific.) 
I. TCUs belong solely to the Holder and not to the marriage partner. 
   II. TCUs can only pass to a direct descendent of Name of Ancestor, or to those no greater distant than the second cousin of Name of Family. Those descendants are listed on proper schedules within the records of the Trust Estate documents. 
D. No Personal Liability 
I. As this Trust Estate is a pass-through business Trust, where the final control of the business is held by the Derrell A. Blacks and not by the TCUs Holders, the latter are not personally liable on the duties incurred by the Derrell A. Blacks or the managing agents appointed by the Derrell A. Blacks. 
E. Transfer of TCUs 
I. The legal Holder of any TCUs, as recorded in the records of this Trust Estate may, by proper writing, surrender to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks all claims to such, leaving to the discretion of the Trust Estate Board of Derrell A. Blacks the possible  issuance, or not, of such Units as the Derrell A. Blacks will see fit. The Derrell A. Blacks may  consider any suggestion made by the previous Holder, transfer is not effective  until it has been approved by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. Any such transfer is effective only after the old Units are surrendered to the Board, the transfer is noted in the records of the Trust Estate, and a new Certificate is issued to the new Holder. 
II. Any Holder may file a request with the Board of Derrell A. Blacks naming any person or persons to whom he or she wishes his or her units to be transferred to on his or her death. Such requests will be considered and approved or not in the same  manner as other requests for transfers. 
III. If an approved transfer at death from the Holder is found in the minutes, then on proper notice of such death to the Board, and receipt of the old Units, the Board notes the transfer in the records of this Trust Estate and issues a new  Certificate according to such approved transfer. If no such approved transfer  appears in the minutes, then the Board will transfer such Units, in like manner,  on a proportional basis among the remaining Holders. If there are no remaining  Holders alive, nor approved transfer instructions from the former Holders, then  the sole Certificate will be issued to the Derrell A. Black or the Derrell A. Black’s lawful heirs. 
F. TCU Holder Removal 
I. Holders are required to be law abiding, to use Beneficial distribution for peaceful means, and to not use distribution funds contrary to the purpose of the overall intent of the Trust. 
II. Holders must be in alignment with the overall intent and purpose of the Trust  and cannot act against it, nor can they act with malicious intent against other members of the Trust group, such as officers and other Holders. This provision does not apply to a reasonable request for an investigation into the conduct of officers of this Trust Estate. Examples of the intent of this paragraph follow:
I. Malicious intent includes spreading lies, as well as overt and covert acts to  bring harm to another. 
II. A reasonable request for an investigation is founded on circumstances that can be believed to be reasonable, or on proof of misconduct. 
III. Holders cannot set up a business that is in competition with any business set up by the overall complex. 
IV. Holders convicted of harmful activities can be removed from Beneficial status or have: 
(1) Beneficial income placed in a special account to accumulate for  rehabilitation. 
(2) Beneficial income temporarily suspended, and specific determination made by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks how to control the funds to the Holder in accordance with circumstances. 
V. It is the intent of the Trust that all Holders receive enough support from the  Trust funds and Board of Derrell A. Blacks to allow them to grow and develop. Holders must show a sincere desire to improve before the Board of Derrell A. Blacks is required to provide the necessary training, healing, or other support for their benefit. 
VI. It is also not required of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks to take Trust funds for the benefit of one who has caused difficulties from those who have been supportive. Those who have been supportive have priority. 
VII. Procedure for Holder Removal 
(1) First a warning must be given to the Holder about removal, unless the Holder has been involved with crime, whether convicted or not. The Holder has the right to answer any allegations, or respond to the warning. 
(2) Consult with the Trust Protector in all considerations to remove a Holder. 
(3) Because of the political entanglements of the courts, and the power of those  who have enough money to hire the best lawyers, it is up to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks to decide whether the Holder is involved in crime. Enough circumstantial evidence may be enough to remove a Holder. 
(4) Should termination of the Beneficial interest be proper, then the Holder must be told by certified mail, return receipt requested. 
13. Beneficial Interest
A. TCUs are shown on Certificates of Beneficial Interest. 
B. Holders of Trust Certificate Units are not Exchangers, and have given no assets in  exchange.
C. This Board of Derrell A. Blacks is responsible for the Beneficiaries listed on suitable schedules of managed Trusts. The Beneficiaries will receive Trust Certificate Units belonging only to the managed Trust. UBIs are the same as TCUs. 
D. Beneficiary status is designated by receipt of TCUs as issued by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. For all Beneficial interest, whether in the form of distributed profits or provisions from the Trust, a Beneficiary agrees to the purposes of the Trust. 
E. Beneficiaries are encouraged to act in accordance with the Trust purposes of  stewardship, to foster honorable values and concepts, and to honor privacy. The Trust will  provide such encouragement in the best interests of the Trust at the discretion of the Board of  Derrell A. Blacks for the protection, well-being, health, welfare, care, education, security, and safety of  the Trust Beneficiaries. 
F. TCUs interest will not entitle the Beneficiaries to take part in all distributions from the profits of the Trust. Distributions to Holders of Trust Certificate Units are in reference only to the pure Trust, also known as asset holding Trust, managed by this Trust Estate, and proper distribution formulas set by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
G. Beneficial distribution is controlled by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks through the appropriate Holder or Holder of Units of Beneficial Interest (UBIs) as listed in the Trust register. 
H. In a serious family or medical emergency, or other similar situation, the Board of  Derrell A. Blacks has the right to provide Trust funds to a Beneficiary besides those received through normal Trust distributions. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks first decides such a pay-out is in the best interest of both the Trust and the Beneficiary. Trust funds do not exist to bail out Beneficiaries  who squander their assets or are involved in frivolous or speculative activities that dissipate their assets. The Derrell A. Black believes Trust funds are for aiding those to achieve greater abilities and talents, and the Beneficiaries need to be accountable for their actions. Therefore, true family emergencies as well as that significant opportunity qualify for consideration by the Board  of Derrell A. Blacks. 
I. The Derrell A. Black is not to recognize any transfer, encumbering, mortgage, pledge  hypothecation, order, or assignment of any Beneficiary by anticipation of any part of the income or principal. The income and principal of the Trust is not subject in any manner to transfer by operation of law, unless otherwise provided, and will be free from the claims of creditors and other claimants and from orders, decrees, levies, attachments, garnishments and executions, and other legal or equitable process of proceedings to the fullest extent permissible by law. Each Beneficiary is expressly restricted from any of the above. 
          J. Audits Requested by the Beneficiaries 
I. Beneficiaries may ask for an audit of the Trust records of only the Trust on which they are named as a Beneficiary.
II. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks must approve the credentials of those selected to audit the records before the records can be examined. The auditor must pledge to keep the information within this Trust private, and must be of a fair mind without any intent to act contrary to the purpose of this Trust Estate. 
III. If the request for an audit is because the Beneficiary(ies) distrusts the  Derrell A. Blacks, then the matter is to be brought before the Protector first for review. The Protector will then review the details and decide whether an audit is necessary or another course of action is suitable. 
IV. The cost of the audit is to be split equally between this Trust Estate and  whomever requests the audit. 
                 K. Restrictions, Responsibilities and Options 
I. Because it is the wish of the Derrell A. Black for Beneficiaries to gain enough  experience in life so they are not dependent on distribution from this Trust Estate, no Beneficiary (TCU or UBI Holder) under the age of (30? Rewrite this) receives more than an average of one-month’s rent for a modest one bedroom apartment in the area in which they live, plus any yearly gift distribution. 
II. After the Beneficiary reaches the age of Thirty (30), the Beneficiary becomes eligible for his or her full distribution, unless for serious considerations of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks because of known matters at the time this distribution is delayed. 
III. (Explain what is done with funds due to the Beneficiary beyond the one month rent. Is it put into a fund, used to buy a condominium, and applied to other benefits for him or her?) 
IV. The Derrell A. Black believes experience (is more important than) a college education. Therefore, a Beneficiary is refunded for any tuition and books they originally paid for from funds earned. If a TCU Holder has more than five years  experience in the workforce, and the Board of Derrell A. Blacks feel the Beneficiary is mature, this Trust Estate may pay for tuition and books as well as extra living expenses. 
V. Vocational Training can be supplemented by this Trust Estate or paid for in full by this Trust Estate, depending on circumstances. 
VI. It is the wish of the Derrell A. Black that all Beneficiaries receive an education in  bookkeeping and accounting. It is not required that any Beneficiary receive a license or become professionally engaged in this profession. These studies are paid for by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
VII. Specific educational opportunities are encouraged in the following areas: 
(1) (Fill in the list of optional educational requirements for beneficiaries) i.e Trade School, Apprenticeship, on the job training, college, university. 
VIII. Lawsuits
(1) No contest: Any Beneficiary that sues the Trust to terminate it,  challenges the validity of any portion of this Trust, or who instigates  disruption within the Trust group causing the Derrell A. Blacks to be interrupted in their duties, will no longer receive a distribution according to the decision of the Trust Protector. 
a. All considerations of a lawsuit or any legal proceeding in which this Trust is involved must first be brought to the attention of the Trust Protector to resolve the matter. 
b. The Trust Protector has the authority to decide proper proceedings regarding legal status or action, or has the authority by his rights under this Trust Instrument to decide the matter. 
c. No TCU Holder or UBI Holder responsible to this Trust group has the right to bring any matter to a court of law without the involvement or approval of the Trust Protector. 
d. Should the certificate holder require a hearing, the Trust Protector has the option to call upon a religious organization who sustains a court procedure within its definition of rules of conduct for its members for assistance. The arrangements made are in accordance with the Trust Protector and the religious organization thus called on. 
14. Obligations to the Derrell A. Black 
A. Funeral and Death Responsibilities 
I. This Trust Estate is not responsible for funeral arrangements. All arrangements are the responsibility of the Derrell A. Black, either through a Pour-Over Will, insurance, or other arrangements. 

15. Derrell A. Blacks 
A. Number of Derrell A. Blacks 
I. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks consists of at least two (2) Derrell A. Blacks; one shall be the “First Derrell A. Black”, and the other Derrell A. Blacks will be “Co-Derrell A. Blacks”.
II. All Derrell A. Blacks have the title of Derrell A. Black, but are distinguished from the First  Derrell A. Black who has the leadership responsibility within the Trust Estate and holds the largest  amount of TCUs. 
B. The First Derrell A. Black may terminate a Co-Derrell A. Black for violations of Trust with at least one witness of, evidence of or any other substantial verification of the following:
             I. Mishandling of funds, payments without authorization, payments of personal expenses out of the Trust account, or any other misappropriation of funds where the  Beneficiaries get less than deserved. 
   II. Taking Trust property and using it for personal gain, personal usage, and/or without authorization. 
                         III. Removing the Trust books from Trust premises, or the area allocated as the place dedicated to the Trust business. 
  IV. Distorting facts or making false allegations, and covering up actual events; using or create documents that include false statements 
                             V. Without adequate reason, failure to 
(1) Consistently attend Trust meetings 
(2) Respond to Trust needs 
(3) Take care of Beneficiary needs in a timely manner               (4) Be present at any Trust functions or to participate in any Trust business for one (1) year
                                            (5) Distressing or attacking Trust Beneficiaries 
  VI. Written correspondence of the facts of the termination must precede the             action of termination. The Co-Derrell A. Black must have the opportunity to 
(1) To have 30 days to respond 
(2) Voluntarily resign 
C. Majority 
I. The Derrell A. Blacks may take any action with respect to this Trust, whether  discretionary or otherwise, on which a majority of Derrell A. Blacks agree. 
    II. If there are more than three (3) Derrell A. Blacks, a Co-Derrell A. Black (one who is not the first Derrell A. Black) failing to act through absence or inability, or a dissenting Co-Derrell A. Black who shall have joined in carrying out the decision of the majority of the Derrell A. Blacks, as the case may be, if his or her dissent is expressed promptly in writing to all the Co-Derrell A. Blacks, shall not be liable for  the consequences of any decision by the majority. 
III. All decisions must be made by a unanimous vote when there are only two  (2) Derrell A. Blacks. If there are more than two (2) Derrell A. Blacks, then a majority of two-thirds (2/3) is required to act for this Trust Estate. 
D. Qualifications
I. Any Derrell A. Black appointed or succeeding may be a domestic or foreign natural person who has proper identification to be used with financial institutions. 
II. If the succeeding Derrell A. Black is a member of another Trust Estate, or Derrell A. Black of another Trust, he or she must be named individually and be individually responsible for the Derrell A. Blackship offered and the nature, scope or intent of that person’s functions, powers or  activities must not be in conflict with this Trust Estate. 
III. A Derrell A. Black cannot be related to the Protector, and cannot have conflicting  interests with the purpose of the Trust Estate. A Derrell A. Black cannot be engaged in any business that would be contrary to the goals of the Trust Estate as described in Section X. Trust Estate Purpose. 
IV. The Derrell A. Black(s) should possess some or all of the following qualifications: 
              (1) Have business acumen and an understanding of accounting principles  and procedures. 
(2) Have a legal inclination, some paralegal training, an interest in or  training in legal research, or be a lawyer whose priority is the  
protection of this Trust Estate. 
(3) Be willing to learn the difference between Statutory and Common  Law. 
(4) Be assertive when necessary and have the ability to stand up to other  people, especially to judges, attorneys, the Internal Revenue Service  
                                                  and others who may attack or seek to do harm to this Trust. 
(5) Live a stable lifestyle; the Derrell A. Black needs to be available to administer  the Trust Estate. 
(6) Have a sincere interest in the welfare of the estate, realizing that the  success of the Trust Estate holds his or her own security and best  
interests. 
E. Adverse and Independent Derrell A. Blacks 
I. Adverse 
(1) If related by marriage, or is a brother or sister of the Derrell A. Black, The  Derrell A. Black must possess more than 33% of the TCUs. 
(2) If not related by blood, or marriage, the adverse Derrell A. Black must possess the largest amount of Units or more than 25% of the TCUs. 
(3) An adverse Derrell A. Black is required to insure the legal classification of this Trust Estate as an irrevocable Trust, and gives the Trust Estate its status as irrevocable. 
II. Independent Derrell A. Black 
                                           (1) May or may not be related by blood or marriage to the Derrell A. Black. 
                                           (2) Shall be vested with no less than ten percent (10%) of the Trust.
III. If there is an Independent Derrell A. Black operating as the Adverse Derrell A. Black, then the Co-Derrell A. Black, can be related, and is not required to have 33%. 
  F. Additional or Successor Derrell A. Blacks 
I. The Successor Derrell A. Blacks shall always be on file in the minutes of the Trust Estate. This shall be reviewed no less than every two (2) years. 
II. Upon the death, resignation, or removal from the Board of Derrell A. Blacks an  additional or Successor Derrell A. Black shall be elected to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. Should the entire Board of Derrell A. Blacks become vacant, the Derrell A. Black shall choose the “First Derrell A. Black”. The newly  selected Derrell A. Black appoints the Co-Derrell A. Black(s). 
III. Should the Derrell A. Black not be available to select the first Derrell A. Black, then the Trust Protector selects the first Derrell A. Black. 
                               IV. The First Derrell A. Black is not subordinate or related to the Derrell A. Black. 
V. A Successor Derrell A. Black, so named within the Trust instrument, shall first be  considered for replacement. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks is then to approve the acceptance. Should none of the Successor Derrell A. Blacks accept the position offered, or be qualified due to circumstances not foreseen when they were selected as Successor Derrell A. Blacks, then the Derrell A. Black retains the option of selecting other Successor Derrell A. Blacks. 
VI. Upon the appointment of such Successor Derrell A. Black any attorney-in-fact, agent, custodian or depository of the property comprising the Trust Estate or income thereof becomes the same for such Successor Derrell A. Black without the necessity of executing or filing any  papers or any further act. 
G. Derrell A. Black Management and Control of Trust Estate 
I. The Derrell A. Blacks shall exercise collectively the exclusive management and control of the Trust Estate property and affairs. 
II. The property of the Trust Estate is held in joint tenancy by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
16. Officers of the Trust Estate 
Officers of the Trust Estate are appointed by the First Derrell A. Black and approved by a  majority of the Derrell A. Blacks. The duties and responsibilities of the Officers of this Trust Estate to  the Derrell A. Blacks are specified in contracts or acceptances applicable to each of their positions. 
B. The Derrell A. Blacks have the option of appointing the following Officers and any other  additional officers as may from time-to-time be necessary: 
     I. Protector, only if the Derrell A. Black is incapable of choosing another 
II. General Manager 
III. Secretary 
IV. Treasurer 
 V. Steward, Caretaker 
VI. Counsel
C. Co-Derrell A. Black 
I. A Co-Derrell A. Black signs minutes and financial documents over $50,000 committing this Trust Estate in one year. 
II. The Co-Derrell A. Blacks shall all the specific duties, but especially relate to charitable causes and concerns. This includes the welfare of the Holders, as well as the  administration of any assets for the benefit of the public. 
III. A Co-Derrell A. Black shall assume the responsibilities of the First Derrell A. Black should the First Derrell A. Black be unavailable, ill, or incapacitated until another First Derrell A. Black is selected. 
IV. If there is more than (1) Co-Derrell A. Black, the following criteria determines which Co-Derrell A. Black shall assume the duties of the First Derrell A. Black: 
(1) Seniority 
                                            (2) Experience with the immediate needs of the Trust Estate 
(3) Willingness to assume the responsibility 
V. The Co-Derrell A. Black assumes the position of temporary First Derrell A. Black upon the  following conditions: 
(1) Emergency, where the Board of Derrell A. Blacks must act immediately and the First Derrell A. Black cannot be located by telephone, fax or other reasonable  methods of communication. 
(2) Where two (2) independent physicians advised the First Derrell A. Black  should be temporarily relieved of his or her duties. 
(3) Where the First Derrell A. Black has requested a temporary leave of  absence, not to extend beyond ninety (90) days. 
(4) Approval by a majority of the Derrell A. Blacks. 
VI. If the First Derrell A. Black is unavailable for more than ninety (90) days, then the  Board of Derrell A. Blacks appoints a new First Derrell A. Black unless circumstances indicate it is  better to wait until the First Derrell A. Black can resume his or her duties. 
D. General Manager 
I. The General Manager works as a contractor to the Trust Estate and is  responsible for the everyday operation of the business. Duties are outlined in his or her contract and include hiring, firing, negotiating, and dealing with financial institutions. 
II. This person will be familiar with the business of the Trust Estate and serves as an adviser to the Derrell A. Blacks. The General Manager can have a custodial account. 
E. Executive Secretary 
I. The Executive Secretary works as a contractor to the Trust Estate and is  responsible for correspondence minutes, assembling, formatting and typing documents. 
II. The Secretary has no authority to release information to anyone without the approval of the First Derrell A. Black, who is subject to the limits within this Indenture. 
III. The Secretary receives training in his or her responsibilities.
IV. The Secretary can sign checks, at the discretion of the Derrell A. Blacks, on Trust  Estate accounts and can have a custodial account. 
V. The position as Executive Secretary to this Trust Estate is not the same position as a secretary hired by the General Manager to work for the business in the day-to-day routine affairs. The Executive Secretary and the secretary can be the same person only with full approval of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
VI. The Executive Secretary attends all meetings of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, records the resolutions, and witnesses and signs minutes and resolutions of the Board of  Derrell A. Blacks. 
VII. If the Board of Derrell A. Blacks believes it necessary to have a Trust Estate Seal in its name, this Seal is the official seal used by the Executive Secretary. 
VIII. The signature of the Executive Secretary, and if appropriate the Trust Estate Seal, is required on documents approving the sale, transfer or purchase of real property by this Trust Estate. 
F. Treasurer 
I. The Treasurer works as a contractor under the direction of the Board of  Derrell A. Blacks to manage the assets and finances of this Trust Estate. 
II. The Treasurer is responsible for all funds and securities of the Trust, and deposits all such funds in the name of the Trust in bank Trust accounts, Trust companies, or other depositories selected by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. He or she will also disburse the funds of the Trust as directed by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks and record in minutes or in agreed on procedures. 
III. The Treasurer keeps and preserves acceptable and correct accounts of  the Trust’s properties and business transactions, including accounts of assets, liabilities, receipts, pay outs, gains and losses. These records are kept in a manner to enable proper tax reporting. 
IV. Provide all financial accounts as itemized above are available to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks whenever a need for an accounting is needed. 
V. Certifies any necessary financial reporting as may be needed to conduct business. 
VI. If the Trust does not have an immediate need for a Treasurer, then either the General Manager or the Executive Secretary will be responsible to provide reports. 
G. Steward 
I. The Steward works as a contractor and is responsible for the affairs of an  estate. 
II. The Steward’s duties include supervision of the kitchen and the servants,  management of household accounts, arrangements for large social functions.
III. On approval of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, the Steward can have his or her own Trust Estate custodial checking account. 
            H. Caretaker 
I. The Caretaker works as a contractor and is responsible for keeping buildings, both inside and outside, and the ongoing management of all Trust Estate lands. 
II. On approval of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, the Caretaker may have a Trust Estate custodial checking account. 
17. Derrell A. Black Responsibilities and Restraints 
A. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks has no power to take any action contrary to our inconsistent with the terms of the indenture or minutes interpreting the same.                                                    B. The Derrell A. Blacks must avoid any action or decision causing the income of this Trust Estate to be taxed to the Derrell A. Black (except to the extent the Derrell A. Black is a Holder). This applies to  any other people other than the Holders as income distributees. 
C. If a termination occurs, the remaining corpus and income is delivered to the Unit  Holders of record. 
D. The Board has a general power of appointment consistent with the terms of this  Indenture over the corpus and its income. 
E. Under no circumstances does the Derrell A. Black have any interest in investments made by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks other than such legal interest as would a stranger to this Trust Estate in the particular transaction, or under specific Derrell A. Black to purchase property or to sell property, but always at the fair market value and for adequate and full consideration. 
F. Funds accruing to the Treasury of this Trust Estate forms its working funds. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks may approve liquidation of assets for adding to these working funds. The Board will, as it believes proper and necessary, provide for working funds through any  borrowing, either unsecured or directly or indirectly secured. It may also appoint third parties to hold funds for specific purposes necessary to the use of this Trust Estate. 
G. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks pays all legal and lawfully due taxes, assessments, charges,  debts, bills and debts arising out of the maintenance, and administration of this Trust Estate. They will be charged on the Estate and will be paid out of the income from it. If and to the extent the income may be lacking for such they will be paid out of the principal. Board decisions about all such matters will be final. The Board pays expenses incurred by Derrell A. Blacks, officers, executives, the General Manager, and like people while on this Trust Estate business. 
H. If doing business directly under this Trust Estate is not believed to be legal because of laws in other countries, or other similar circumstances, the Board is allowed to do  business in the name of one or more individual Derrell A. Blacks, with suitable references to their 
fiduciary capacity provided such does not adversely affect the legality of either the business done or this Trust Estate. 
I. The Derrell A. Blacks must follow the policy of diversification of investments. A broad asset base protects the Beneficiaries from the ups and downs of life. Therefore, the Derrell A. Blacks  are instructed to make prudent and wise investments in a minimum of four (4) areas where  assets may appreciate or where an income flow is assured to continue this Trust Estate. The  Derrell A. Black gives the following areas as example only, and relies on the wisdom of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks to decide, by current trends and events, which are the best investment arenas to  follow: residential or commercial real estate; farm or vacant land; lending and other profitable banking; animals, such as racehorses, or breeding animals; collections or fine art; start up business ventures; stocks, bonds, commodities. 
J. Derrell A. Blacks are paid a percentage of distribution, and if applicable an hourly or periodic remuneration for services, depending on the cash flow of the Trust. This is negotiable on  a yearly basis. 
K. If a Unit Holder hires any person or organization(s) to dissolve this Indenture, or if any Unit Holder sues to demand funds or assets that belong solely to this Trust Estate, the  Derrell A. Blacks may remove any Holder or Income Beneficiary (hereinafter referred to as “Unit  Holder”) from their respective unit register(s) and void the corresponding Trust certificates. 
L. The Derrell A. Black owes a duty to the Holders to manage the affairs of the Trust solely for the Holders, and to exclude from consideration his or her own advantages and the welfare  of third persons. Therefore, if the Derrell A. Black finds him or herself in a position of conflict, the  Holders receive primary consideration, and the Derrell A. Black must extract him or herself from the conflict or resign, or this conflict of interest is grounds for termination. 
18. Derrell A. Black Powers 
The Derrell A. Blacks will have the following powers about personal property, real property and  the assets of the Trust Estate, except as otherwise limited or restricted by the other terms of  this Indenture: 
A. The power to hold, manage or gain productive property. 
B. The power to hold, manage or gain unproductive property for development. 
C. The power to buy, sell, lease, exchange, deed, transfer, assign, hypothecate, invest, loan, borrow, and grant options. 
D. The power to lease or rent. 
E. The power to improve, change, and alter. 
F. The power to demolish improvements. 
G. The power to abandon as worthless. 
    H. The power to subdivide, encumber, partition, and to adjust boundaries.
I. The power to fulfill covenants, agreements, contracts or credits. 
J. The power to create servitudes, grant easements and rights-of-way, impose conditions and limits, and to release the same. 
K. The power to seek zoning, rezoning, variance, or nonconforming use permits. 
L. The power to set up and keep reserves for depreciation. 
M. The power to employ employees, consultants, caretakers, property managers  and other agents. 
N. The power to Dedicate Trust Estate properties for public use. 
O. The power to carry insurance of all kinds; including, but not limited to: personal liability and property damage, fire casualty and extended coverage, income protection  insurance, life insurance and catastrophic insurance. 
P. The power to manage or pay for health-related care or benefits for the members of  this Trust Estate only. 
I. Prescriptions 
II. Vitamins, minerals and food supplements 
III. Medical insurance 
IV. Payments for the services of alternative healers who may not fall under  insurance categories 
V. Massage and deep-tissue bodywork 
VI. Hands-on healers 
VII. Oriental medicine 
VIII. Hypnotherapists/regression therapists 
IX. Emotional and psychological therapy 
X. Retreats for 
(1) Recuperation 
(2) Spiritual self-discovery 
XI. Chiropractic care 
XII. Stress reduction therapy 
XIII. Ayurveda medicine 
XIV. Homeopathy 
XV. Weekly support groups 
XVI. Psychiatric care 
XVII. Nursing home and long-term care 
Q. The power to set up and keep reserves in the event of a natural or man-made  disaster. 
R. The power to hold an undivided interest. 
S. The power to deal with title and title insurance problems. 
                 T. The power to deal with or secure patents, copyrights, trademarks or the like.
U. The power to incorporate, enter partnerships, associations or other joint ventures, perform, distribute, diversify, change, liquidate, or otherwise run the business. 
V. The power to delegate authority to Derrell A. Blacks, agents, caretakers or employees. 
W. The power to pay reasonable compensation to Derrell A. Blacks, consultants, caretakers,  employees, managers, agents and others for services rendered. 
X. The power to continue mortgage investments after maturity either with or without renewal or extension. 
Y. The power to buy securities, both foreign and domestic, and gain stock positions  within international and domestic markets. 
Z. The power to prudently buy long and sell short options, futures, and positions of  securities which have contractual agreements. 
AA. The power to withhold income temporarily to build up the corpus of the Trust. BB. The power to determine income and corpus. 
CC. No person other than the Derrell A. Blacks have or exercise the power to vote or direct the voting of any shares or other securities of the Trust Estate; to control the  investment of the Trust Estate either by directing investments or reinvestments;  or by vetoing proposed investments or reinvestments; or to reacquire or  exchange any property of the Trust by substituting other property of an  equivalent value. 


19. Derrell A. Blacks Duties and Limited Liability 
The Derrell A. Blacks will be subject to that standard in performing their duties in behalf of this  Trust Estate as is provided by law, with the following exceptions: 
A. No liability accrues for any loss or expense suffered by the Trust Estate, except such loss or expense as is occasioned by gross negligence such as deliberately acting to undo the financial structure, behavior akin to one who is drunk, or irresponsible, unlawful, or immoral conduct by the Derrell A. Black leaving a negative impact on the Trust Estate. 
B. No liability accrues for any depreciation to the value of assets or other losses caused by any investments made, provided the Derrell A. Blacks act in good faith in making such investments. 
C. No liability accrues for any payment or distribution needed in this Indenture that is made in good faith and without notice or knowledge of any change in the  conditions or status of any person receiving such payment or distribution. 
D. No liability accrues to any Derrell A. Black for any act or default by any Co-Derrell A. Black, unless the liability results from that Derrell A. Black’s own bad faith or gross negligence as referred to in Paragraph A of this Section. 
E. No liability accrues for any or default in the transaction of Trust business by any agent properly selected by the Derrell A. Blacks to carry out specific duties and needs  contained in this Indenture, absent willful default or gross negligence as referred  to in Paragraph A of this Section. 
F. No liability accrues for losses resulting to the Trust Estate from any action taken by the Derrell A. Blacks for any option or advice presented by a consultant or any executive Derrell A. Black to the Derrell A. Black, or by any opinion or advice from legal counsel or Trust Estate accountant. 
20. Third Parties
A. The Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust Estate are not personally liable to any third-party for any contract made or action taken about this Trust Estate. If the action taken was within the scope of their authority and they clearly marked on the document that they were doing it in behalf of the Trust Estate, or the words “as Derrell A. Black, and not personally” appeared on it by their signature, all such aggrieved third-parties must look solely to the Trust Estate for any remedy, settlement, indebtedness or the like about such transactions. 
B. Such liability in those cases by the Derrell A. Blacks is intended to be representative in nature and not personal. The Derrell A. Black will have no right of indemnification against the Trust Estate because of a lawsuit or claim by a third-party outsider. 
21. Resident Derrell A. Black Termination 
A. A Resident Derrell A. Black is one domiciled in a country where Trust assets are secured and who takes responsibility for assets in that jurisdiction. 
B. At any time before termination of the Trust Estate, the happening of any of the  following events or circumstances terminates the tenure of any Trust, company,  or person incorporated, domiciled or resident within the situs of this Trust Estate  as Derrell A. Black hereof for the time being (hereinafter collectively referred to as  “Resident Derrell A. Black”) so that the Resident Derrell A. Black ceases to be the Derrell A. Black  hereunder and to act as such Derrell A. Black. He or she is divested of title to the capital  and income of the Derrell A. Black Estate: 
I. Passing any law or any action by or by any government authority, agency, or officer of a foreign government, or having in fact or de jure jurisdiction of the  Trust situs. The purpose or effect of which is as follows: 
(1) The acquisition, expropriation or confiscation of any of  
the assets comprising the Trust Estate. 
(2) To restrict in any way the use, investment or distribution  
of the Trust Estate fund. 
(3) The limit, suspension or abrogation in whole or in part of the Trust made up by this indenture. This applies to any contract about the Trust Estate created or to the Trust Estate fund, in which event the Protector dismisses the Derrell A. Black, the Board of Derrell A. Black will immediately appoint the successor Derrell A. Black. The new Derrell A. Black will be entitled to remuneration calculated according to its scale of fees in force. 
(4) The declaration or existence of war in consequence of which the citizens, nationals or residents of the Trust Estate are declared to be or considered to be enemies of any foreign government invading the Trust Situs by military forces. 
C. Any Derrell A. Black may be dismissed by the Protector, as named in XI.C.1. Powers of the Protector, or by the Derrell A. Black, as named in XI. E. Derrell A. Black’s Power to Remove a  Derrell A. Black. 
22. Derrell A. Black Liability for Negligence 
A. The Derrell A. Black will not be personally liable for any loss or expense suffered by the Trust Estate, except such loss or expense caused by the Derrell A. Black’s willfulness or gross negligence as referred to in XX. A. Duties and Limited Liability of the Derrell A. Blacks. 
B. All legal fees in which the Derrell A. Black engages for the benefit of a Beneficiary, or group of Beneficiaries, or for defending the corpus will be paid by the Trust, unless it is proven the matter was caused by the Derrell A. Black’s: 
I. Irresponsibility; 
II. Action that was harmful to the Trust or the reputation of the Trust or its  members; 
    III. Negligence. 

23. Legal Representation of the Trust 

A. Derrell A. Blacks are authorized to represent this Trust without a licensed attorney or   lawyer under the following conditions: 
 I. A Derrell A. Black has a working knowledge of the law pertaining to both Trusts and the issues to be represented. 
 II. He or she has adequate experience with court procedures as determined by the Trust Protector. 
                              III. He or she wants to represent this Trust, and is not pressured to do so.  
IV. The full Board of Derrell A. Black supports the Derrell A. Black who will represent the   Trust. 
B. It is preferred and desired by the Derrell A. Black that a Derrell A. Black represent this Trust to   preserve privacy, and because a competent Derrell A. Black has a much deeper and more thorough knowledge of Trust decisions, background and actions than any third-party representative. 
 	C. Should a Derrell A. Black chose to represent the Trust:
I. A complete set of Minutes concerning the circumstances and the reason why the   Board of Derrell A. Blacks supports the decision of the Derrell A. Black to represent this Trust is to be available for the court to review concerning representation should this matter become an issue.  
II. A statement from the Trust Protector concerning this decision and why it  
is the best course of action. 
D. The Derrell A. Black may have a Co-Derrell A. Black, who may be a license attorney if the Trust Protector and the Board of Derrell A. Blacks approves of the choice of Co-Derrell A. Black, or another Derrell A. Black may be a Co-Derrell A. Black. 
E. The legal paperwork required to proceed with a legal challenge may be created by a paralegal, attorney, or the Derrell A. Blacks, so long as it conforms and clearly represents the Trust  as a viable and competent entity to handle the circumstances. 
 F. This Section, "Legal Representation of the Trust," may be excerpted from the  Declaration of Contract and Indenture as proof of the Derrell A. Black's intent. 
G. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks and the Trust Protector shall be involved in any court protocols or processes that a judge or magistrate may suggest to solidify or define this format. 
24. Derrell A. Black Resignation and Appointments 
A. This section is in conjunction with Trust Protector Responsibilities detailed in the Trust Protector Section of this Indenture. 
B. Any Derrell A. Black, Co-Derrell A. Black, or successor Derrell A. Black under this Trust Estate may resign without leave of court and without prior judicial accounting unless this accounting is demanded by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. However, according to the wishes of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, the resigning Derrell A. Black must give either verbal or written status of his or her Derrell A. Black duties so the Trust may carry on smoothly. The resigning Derrell A. Black or Co-Derrell A. Black remains liable until the status as requested is delivered to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
C. The resignation must be notarized and delivered to at least one (1) other Derrell A. Black. This letter of resignation will specify the date of resignation, not less than thirty (30) days after giving such notice, when such resignation will be effective. The letter of resignation will be upheld by the Trust Estate record keeper in the Trust Estate records. Any third-party to whom a letter of resignation is shown may rely on the validity of that letter of resignation as the true state of affairs for this Trust Estate.
D. If a Derrell A. Black leaves without a letter of resignation, then a report of such event will be entered into the minutes, and this will be notarized with the signatures of the entire Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
E. Recording Names of Derrell A. Blacks 
I. For protecting banks, Trust companies, lending institutions, or third parties who need an assurance of the validity of the identity of the current Derrell A. Blacks of the Trust, all current Derrell A. Blacks of the Trust have their names recorded by the Trust Estate record keeper in the Trust records. 
II. Any letter or form may be used, and will be signed and certified by at  least one other Derrell A. Black. All banks, security exchange organizations, Trust  companies, lending institutions, or third-parties, may rely on such letters  or certificates as being the true accurate state of affairs for the current  Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust Estate. 
25. Third parties relying on the actions by the Derrell A. Blacks 
A. The purpose of this action does not add to the powers of the Derrell A. Blacks, but simplifies and speeds the effective administration of this Trust by protecting third-parties who are  relying upon the actions of the Derrell A. Blacks. 
B. Third-parties are not subject to any duty to inquire into the authority for, or propriety of, any actions taken or considered by the Derrell A. Blacks of this Trust Estate. Such third parties, including but not limited to banks, Trust companies, security exchange organizations, title companies, lending institutions or others, may fully rely on any written action taken by the Derrell A. Blacks. Such written action by the Derrell A. Blacks binds this Trust Estate and its assets as fully as if such action was granted and approved in this indenture. 
C. This section protects the privacy and confidentiality of the other portions of this  Indenture from the prying eyes of outsiders. No third-party needs to read any other section of this Indenture to be protected from any possible action by any other party for  participation in a breach of this Trust Estate, and such third-parties will be held harmless  by the Trust Estate if they so rely. 
26. Meetings and Minutes

A. This Trust Estate will have no less than two (2) Board of Derrell A. Blacks meetings per year. The  purpose of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks meeting is to continually increase the trust  administration education for all Trust Officers, and to develop plans and methods to  educate all Trust members about Trust functions and responsibilities. In these meetings,  the Board of Derrell A. Blacks is to be continually reviewing and expanding investment  opportunities to promote cash flow and diversification. 
B. In minutes of their meetings, the Board of Derrell A. Blacks may schedule and provide for regular meetings to be held at stated and specifically determined times and intervals with or without notice. 
C. The Derrell A. Blacks may also provide in the minutes for holding special meetings, which may be  called by the unanimous consent of all Derrell A. Blacks. No one, other than the Derrell A. Blacks, has  the authority to request or compel the Derrell A. Blacks to hold regular or any special meeting,  and the Derrell A. Blacks are required to discount and resist any external pressure to do so. 
D. No action for the Trust will be taken except on the unanimous concurrence of all the  Derrell A. Blacks having authority to take such action under the terms of the Indenture. 
E. Minutes are to document activities and must be accurately and consistently recorded for protecting the Trust Estate. The Derrell A. Blacks have the right to record later. 
F. All minutes of this Trust are protected, to remain private and they are not to be loaned,  borrowed, or disclosed by anyone. Also, all minutes are beyond the reach of any person,  other than the Derrell A. Blacks and suitable officers of the Trust Estate, as shown by the following decision of the U.S. Supreme Court: 
I. The Derrell A. Blacks for the Trust Estate have all the power necessary to carry out their Trust and their books and records are NOT subject to review or  subpoenas duces tecum, and so held in…Boyd v U.S., 116 U.S. 618  (1886);Silverthorn v U.S. 251 385 (1920); and the Fourth Amendment to  the Constitution for the United States of America.  
G. When necessary and suitable by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, a specific minute or portion of it  may be extracted for creating bank resolutions, and other such purposes, and presented  to a person or entity outside the Trust Estate. 
27. Privacy 
A. It is stressed and reaffirmed here that in all matters about this Trust Estate the Derrell A. Blacks,  officers and others involved in this Trust Estate are bound by the Path of Privacy which  they signed. The Oath of Privacy is in full force, and the information mentioned in the  Oath of Privacy is considered private and secret must not be revealed to any person  outside this Trust Estate; and not even within the Trust Estate to any other Derrell A. Black,  Officer or Staff Member, unless such person “needs to know” such information for the 
responsibilities held within this Trust Estate, or any fictitious name, also known as a  D.B.A. of this Trust Estate. 
B. All inquiries may be directed to any of the Derrell A. Blacks or other officers, employees or  contractors of the Trust Estate, either individually or collectively, in writing by the  inquirer and submitted to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks for processing at the next scheduled  meeting of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
C. No document, record, bank account, or any other written information dealing with the  internal affairs, or the operations of this Trust Estate will be disclosed to any third-party,  except on formal written approval of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks given at the regular or  special meeting of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks as set forth above. 
D. This indenture and all Trust Estate business is kept private, protected by the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. 552(a), the Fourth and Fifth Amendments to the Constitution for the  United States of America, and the common law privacy rights available in the United  States of America and every other applicable jurisdiction. 
E. When people, involved in Trust documents or sensitive materials, are invited to join the  Trust Estate, the Board of Derrell A. Blacks must approve of the person before he or she is given  an employment agreement, or an independent contract. The basic procedure to follow  is: 
I. Discussion with the Board of Derrell A. Blacks recorded in the Trust minutes before an offer is made. 
          II. An offer is made to the prospective person. 
III. The Trust Oath of Privacy is agreed to and signed by the prospective  person. 
IV. An employment agreement or an independent contract agreement signed before the person is given any significant information about the internal workings of the Trust. 

28. Power to Distribute Principal 
A. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks has the sole discretionary power over this Trust Estate, its assets  and earnings. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks has the power, exercisable only according to the  terms, standards and conditions otherwise set forth in this Contract and Trust Estate  Indenture, to pay out principal to Holders and earnings, or to divide distributions, for  delivery or transfer of any part or any portion of it, at such value as is settled by the  Derrell A. Blacks to be the fair value of that part or portion; or the Derrell A. Blacks may convert the  Trust Estate or any portion of it into cash and give out the net earnings to the Holders.
B. The Derrell A. Blacks receive a small percentage of the Holder distribution and are cautioned  against taking excess remuneration for performance of duties as this is looked on as a  violation of the implied oath of a Trust as recognized by courts of law. 
29. Power to Deal with Trust Estate Property 
A. In the exercise of the powers by the Derrell A. Black dealing with property of the Trust Estate, the Derrell A. Blacks must apply the principle of investment diversification or setting up reserves for depreciation and depletion. 
B. No more than Fifty-five percent (55%) of this Trust Estate, or less than Twenty-five  Percent (25%) is applied toward diversified high risk ventures during the lifetime of the  Settlor. It is understood the greater the risk, the greater the opportunity for gain. After  the death of the Derrell A. Black, no more than Fifteen (15%) will be in high-risk ventures. 
C. Wasting Assets, such as mines, leaseholds, timberlands, oil and gas wells, and quarries  can be held in the Trust for the Holders, and are to be sold when the Wasting Asset is  still profitable if it forecasts the profitability to give a decreasing return. 
D. Nonproductive property can be sold at the discretion of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
E. All Trust Property is held for the Holders and should be increased for the benefit of  succeeding generations. 
30. Power of Attorney 
A. The First Derrell A. Black will not sign over full Power of Attorney to anyone for any reason. It is  better to resign the position than to give away the Trusted power. 
B. A Limited Power of Attorney is allowed, as long as it expires within six (6) months, and  belongs only to specific duties, as approved by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks. 
C. Full Powers of Attorney can be given to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks by any of the Officers, Holders, Exchangers or Holders. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks must unanimously accept the  responsibilities thus entrusted. 
31. Power to Borrow from the Trust Estate 
A. The Derrell A. Blacks are allowed to exercise a general lending power to make or receive loans to or from any person associated with the Trust Estate. Depending on specific  circumstances and the prudent judgment of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, they may make loans  for under $5000.00 without regard to interest or security. 
B. Derrell A. Blacks are to consider carefully unsecured loans as they are regarded as imprudent and can be questioned by Holders, thus bringing the Trust Estate into scrutiny.

32. Termination of the Trust Estate 
A. This Trust Estate may be terminated only with the consent and approval of all the Derrell A. Black and Holders, and all parties having interest in the Trust Estate, vested or contingent. 
B. Any reason for termination must be grounded in sound reasoning for the overall benefit  of all members of the Trust Estate. 
33. Accounting 
A.  Responsibilities 
I. The Derrell A. Blacks pay all the expenses incurred in the administration, management,  conversation and protection of this Trust Estate. 
II. The Derrell A. Black keeps the books, records, documents and accounts of the Trust Estate. This role may be delegated to a bookkeeper or accountant outside the Trust Estate who understands Common Law Trust. 
III. The Holders may inspect any of the books, documents, or other records of the Trust Estate at any reasonable time, on written notice to the Secretary or appointed Record Keeper. The Derrell A. Blacks are not required and need not make any formal accounting to, or on behalf of, the Holders, except on written demand. The Derrell A. Blacks may, however, make an accounting to the Holders, should the Board of Derrell A. Blacks believe this necessary and prudent. 
 IV. Increase in Trust value is shared at least yearly, whether or not actually distributed. 
 V. The Derrell A. Blacks, acting for the Trust Estate and for the Trust Estate, not the TCUs  Holders, will take all deductions for the depreciation of Trust Estate property. 
B. Distributions 
I. If it is determined by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, or by the Derrell A. Black, if the Derrell A. Black has  reserved this power, there is sufficient profit to distribute to the Holders of TCUs, or gain might become taxable to this Trust Estate if not distributed, the Board may distribute, but is not required to distribute, sufficient to prevent such  increase from being taxable to this Trust Estate. 
II. The Board makes a determination yearly about whether the Trust Estate will be  considered “simple” or “complex” under lawful tax laws for that year. If after any  distribution, any income remains, it will be considered to be principal and 
allocated to the corpus of this Trust Estate. The part each Holder is entitled to  any distributable income or corpus is not discretionary, but is determined solely by the number of TCUs held. 
III. The Board of Derrell A. Blacks makes a determination about the existence or non existence of distributable Trust increases at contingent intervals no greater than yearly. 
IV. Any Holder may waive a right to any distribution, if a written declaration of waiver is delivered to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks before the date when the distribution is to take place. Such waiver is accepted by the Board and recorded in the minutes of this Trust Estate. 
1. The effect of such waiver will be to assign the share such Holder  would receive to the remaining Holders on a proportional basis,  solely for that particular distribution. 
2. As an alternative, the share can be held for a later distribution to  the Holder. 
V. No future benefit devolving on any Holder under this Trust Estate terms or  settlement forms a portion of any communal or joint estate of such Holder, but  remains his or her sole, separate and exclusive property. Should such Holder be  married or marry in community of property, then any benefit so accruing is  expressly excluded from the community property. These benefits are free from  interference, control, or marital power of any spouse of such Holder. For this  paragraph, the term “benefit” includes movable and immovable property and  the terms of this paragraph apply not only to the benefit devolving on such  Holder, but also to any benefits any time, directly or indirectly gained by the  funds thereof. 
  VI. Distribution to or for a Minor or Incompetent 
1. If a Holder entitled to receive income or principal is a minor, an  incompetent or a person whom the Derrell A. Black decide to be unable to wisely or properly handle funds if paid to him or her directly, the Derrell A. Black may make any payments in the Derrell A. Blacks’ discretion, in any one or more, or any combination of the following ways: 
a. To the natural Guardian or the legally appointed Guardian, Conservator, or other fiduciary of the person or Estate if the Holder; 
 b. To any person or organization providing support for  
  Holder; 
c. By Derrell A. Blacks paying directly for the support of the Holder;
d. Partial payment directly to the Holder; 
                                        2. The decision of the Derrell A. Black about direct payments or applications  
of funds in the manner here prescribed are final and binding on all  
parties when made in good faith. 
3. The Derrell A. Black is to make all pay-outs in a way calculated to dispense  
with the need of guardianship proceedings. 
4. The Derrell A. Black may, in its sole discretion, require reports and take all  
steps as it may consider necessary to assure and enforce the due  
application of money for the purposes aforesaid. 
34. Charitable Contributions 
A. The Holders will be considered first, before any charitable contributions are  decided. That is, if a Holder is in need, the Board of Derrell A. Blacks is to take care of  that need, using its discretion, before the support of charitable organizations. 
B. It is the intent of the Derrell A. Black that charities and the spirit of charitableness be  encouraged. To that end, the Co-Derrell A. Black(s) of this Trust Estate is authorized to  contribute to one or more qualified charitable organizations. 
C. When this Trust Estate achieves over $100,000.00 in assets, or cash flow of greater than $100,000.00 a year, the Board of Derrell A. Blacks, at their discretion, is directed to set up a Ministry Trust for the benefit of ___________(example:  runaway teenagers). They will be provided with: 
I. Shelter, food, clothing 
II. Administrative personnel 
           III. Psychological, alternative healing methods and professional care  
as needed. 
                                                  IV. Vocational training will be available per their interest, or as  
recommended by counselors. 
35. Administration Expenses 
The Derrell A. Blacks pay out of Trust Estate Funds only those expenses incurred in the administration,  management, conservation and protection of this Trust Estate, including: 
A. Reasonable remuneration of the Derrell A. Blacks, managers, caretakers, and any person or  entities providing services, articles, or utilities to the Trust Estate. 
B. Expenses in the operation, maintenance, cleaning, repairing and otherwise caring for the property of the Trust Estate.
C. Expenses in providing necessary supplies, equipment, and materials for the Trust Estate,  either by purchase, lease, rental, or otherwise. 
D. Payment of taxes, charges, assessments, or license fees for the Trust Estate. E. Insurance premiums for policies for the Trust. 
F. Legal, bookkeeping, accounting, and other professional expenses, for the Trust Estate. 
G. All ordinary and necessary expenses in caring for this Trust Estate and its property. 
36. Life and Duration of the Trust Estate 
A. This Trust Estate, unless terminated earlier as provided here, will continue for twenty five (25) years. The life of the Trust Estate may, however, be extended for another 25 year term, subject to an unanimous affirmative vote of the Board of Derrell A. Blacks at least thirty (30) days before each termination date. 
B. At dissolution, the Trust Estate will be divided on a proportional basis to the then existing Holders and Holders as judged suitable by the Board of Derrell A. Blacks and accepted legal accounting procedures. 
C. This Trust Estate may be terminated if any of the following factors occur: 
I. The Trust corpus falls below $1,000.00. 
 II.Causes of impossibility arise, for example, natural disasters, and  uncontrollable political events, that damage or impact functioning of this  Trust Estate. 
  III. Dissension and lack of cooperating among Derrell A. Blacks and Beneficiaries,  causing the Trust to become inoperable, or its operation is so impaired to  continue becomes too much expense or effort. 
  IV Using sound and legal reasoning, all the TCUs Holders feel for the interests of the Trust, the Trust should be finished. 
37. Copies as Originals 
A copy of this document bearing the seal or signature of a Derrell A. Black attesting to the fact the copy  is an exact copy of the original, or copies certified by the Executive Secretary as a correct copy,  are relied upon as an original document and have the full force and effect of the original  document in every respect.

38. Severability Clause 
If any clause, sentence, paragraph, section or provision of this indenture is held to be  unenforceable or invalid, it shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of the Trust Estate,  and they are given legal effect nonetheless. 








Signature and Notary on Next Page












In confirmation of our agreement on Date of Establishment: 
Witness my hand this ________day of___________________________,2023. Accepted by: 
___________________________________,Derrell A. Black 
Derrell A. Black’s
____________________________________,First Derrell A. Black 
Name of First Derrell A. Black’s
______________________________________________________________________________ 

State of Name of State  
County of ________________________ 
On_____________________________before me,  
_________________________________Notary Public, personally appeared Names of Derrell A. Black and Derrell A. Black
Who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the (person(s))  whose names are subscribed to the within instrument and  acknowledged to me that (he/she/they) executed the same in  (his/her/their) authorized (capacity/ies,) and that by (his/her/their) (signature(s)) on the instrument the (person(s)) acted, executed the instrument. 
I certify under PENALTY of PERJURY under the laws of the State of _______________ that the  foregoing paragraph is true and correct. 
Witnessed by hand and official seal 
_______________________________________ 
Notary’s Signature

SCHEDULE A

On this day, the Derrell A. Black of the  <Blacktech Solutions Business Trust> in agreement with the Trust indenture and the Bylaws, hereby gives to the Board of Derrell A. Blacks(s), the following described property, and accepted by the First Derrell A. Black and on behalf of the Board.

The following property is to be exchanged for one-hundred (100) units of beneficial interest, hereinafter referred to as Trust Certificate Units, that shall be of an equivalent, and yet, indeterminate value to all parties.

One Dollar Bill (Anything of value, and it doesn’t have to be silver or gold)

As part of the consideration provided, the Derrell A. Black agrees that it shall not change this Trust Indenture in any manner; nor shall it reserve or keep any ownership or control over the principal or income of the Trust Estate, nor any power to change in any manner this Trust Indenture or Trust Bylaws.

This list of property is complete and comprehensive and is the written description of those certain properties which were agreed upon between the Derrell A. Black and the First Derrell A. Black at the time of the execution of the Trust Indenture.



_____________________________   		_________________________________
Derrell A. Black:                                    			 First Derrell A. Black: 




JURAT/ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF                   )
                                     )
COUNTY OF              )

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO (or affirmed) BEFORE ME on this ________day of ____________________  20XX, by _____________________________________, who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the man who came before me.




_________________________________
Witness/Notary:


To: 	Board of Derrell A. Blacks
	Blacktech Solutions Business Trust 
	PO Box 12345
	Orlando, FL [12345]

RE: 	Derrell A. Black’s Request to Issue Trust Certificate Units to Beneficiaries.



In accordance with the Agreement, of NAME OF YOUR TRUST I am hereby directing the Derrell A. Blacks to assign and transfer (100) Trust Certificate Units to the following Beneficiaries 

50 TCU to John-Alex of the Family Doe
50 TCU to Mary-anne of the Family Doe

I would appreciate your immediate attention to this request


Respectfully,


_________________________
Derrell A. Black: <Derrell A. Black name>



JURAT/ACKNOWLEDGMENT
<YOUR STATE>	)
	)
<COUNTY OR CITY>	)

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO (or affirmed) BEFORE ME on this ________day of ____________________  20xx, by _____________________________________, who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the man who came before me.




_________________________________
Witness/Notary: 





SCHEDULE B

Name all the Property in the Trust




































SCHEDULE C

Beneficiary Contact Information

Throughout the trust, there are references to certain beneficiaries who will receive anything from a specific bequest of personal property to a portion of the remainder of the estate. Instead of inserting that beneficiary's contact information inside of the trust, the Derrell A. Blacks have assembled the list of beneficiaries' contact information in order to provide a starting point for the Derrell A. Blacks to contact these individuals. Even if a beneficiary's contact information changes and is not updated in the schedule, it is not the Derrell A. Blacks intention to disinherit or change the bequest to that beneficiary unless the bequest in the trust is changed.

Blacktech Solutions Business Trust  (Beneficiary) Established on June 23, 2026


























SCHEDULE D

Memorandum of Personal Property

To: Board of Derrell A. Blacks
	Blacktech Solutions Business Trust 
	PO Box 12345
	Orlando, FL [12345]

As provided in Blacktech Solutions Business Trust, I have retained the right to use a memorandum as a way to direct the Derrell A. Blacks as to how to dispose of certain items of personal property. It is desired that the following property be distributed to the following individuals listed below as quickly as possible during the trust administration process upon the termination of the trust. If any listed beneficiary below predeceases me, then the bequest shall lapse, and the item shall be added back to trust estate.


PERSONAL PROPERTY ITEM	BENEFICIARY






















CERTIFICATE OF TRUST

Blacktech Solutions Business Trust. Blacktech Solutions Business Trust was created by the Derrell A. Black on June 23, 2026, and is the document that the Certificate of Trust summarizes for purposes of funding assets into the trust or for any other purpose that requires an identification of the trust and the relevant trust provisions.
Derrell A. Blacks. The Derrell A. Black of the trust is Derrell A. Black.
Derrell A. Blacks. The currently acting Derrell A. Blacks of the trust are Derrell A. Black
Trust Is Irrevocable. The Derrell A. Black does not have the power to revoke or amend the trust during their lifetimes.
Taxpayer Identification Number. The taxpayer identification number for the trust is
 	.
Declarations Regarding Trust. The trust is in effect as of the date of the Certificate, and it has not been modified, revoked, or amended in any way so as to make any of these declarations incorrect.
Derrell A. Black Powers. The provisions of the trust that contain the Derrell A. Blacks powers are attached as Schedule A to the Certificate of Trust.
Waiver of Claim. The Derrell A. Blacks and Derrell A. Blacks waive any action against any person or organization that relies on the Certificate of Trust, and they shall be held harmless for any resulting loss or liability from such reliance.
Validity of Copies of The Certification. A copy of the Certificate of Trust shall be as valid as an original copy for funding the trust or for any other reason.
Actions by Derrell A. Blacks. While the above named Derrell A. Blacks are serving, either may act independently to bind the trust.


______________________________		            _______________________________
Derrell A. Black:                                 			             	Derrell A. Black: 



JURAT/ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF	)
	)
COUNTY	)

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO (or affirmed) BEFORE ME on this ________day of ____________________  20xx, by _____________________________________, who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the man who came before me.


_________________________________
Witness/Notary: 
CERTIFICATE OF TRUST
SCHEDULE A

					   Derrell A. Black POWERS
The Derrell A. Blacks will have the following powers about personal property, real property and     the assets of the Trust Estate, except as otherwise limited or restricted by the other terms of  this Indenture: 
A. The power to hold, manage or gain productive property. 
B. The power to hold, manage or gain unproductive property for development. 
C. The power to buy, sell, lease, exchange, deed, transfer, assign, hypothecate,  invest, loan, borrow, and grant options. 
D. The power to lease or rent. 
E. The power to improve, change, and alter. 
F. The power to demolish improvements. 
G. The power to abandon as worthless. 
    H. The power to subdivide, encumber, partition, and to adjust boundaries.
I. The power to fulfill covenants, agreements, contracts or credits. 
J. The power to create servitudes, grant easements and rights-of-way, impose conditions and limits, and to release the same. 
K. The power to seek zoning, rezoning, variance, or nonconforming use permits. 
L. The power to set up and keep reserves for depreciation. 
M. The power to employ employees, consultants, caretakers, property managers and other agents. 
N. The power to Dedicate Trust Estate properties for public use. 
O. The power to carry insurance of all kinds; including, but not limited to: personal liability and property damage, fire casualty and extended coverage, income protection  insurance, life insurance and catastrophic insurance. 
P. The power to manage or pay for health-related care or benefits for the members of  this Trust Estate only. 
I. Prescriptions 
II. Vitamins, minerals and food supplements 
III. Medical insurance 
IV. Payments for the services of alternative healers who may not fall under  insurance categories 
V. Massage and deep-tissue bodywork 
VI. Hands-on healers 
VII. Oriental medicine 
VIII. Hypnotherapists/regression therapists 
IX. Emotional and psychological therapy 
X. Retreats for 
(1) Recuperation 
(2) Spiritual self-discovery 
XI. Chiropractic care 
XII. Stress reduction therapy 
XIII. Ayurveda medicine 
XIV. Homeopathy 
XV. Weekly support groups 
XVI. Psychiatric care 
XVII. Nursing home and long-term care 
Q. The power to set up and keep reserves in the event of a natural or man-made  disaster. 
R. The power to hold an undivided interest. 
S. The power to deal with title and title insurance problems. 
                 T. The power to deal with or secure patents, copyrights, trademarks or the like.
U. The power to incorporate, enter partnerships, associations or other joint ventures, perform, distribute, diversify, change, liquidate, or otherwise run the business. 
V. The power to delegate authority to Derrell A. Blacks, agents, caretakers or employees. 
W. The power to pay reasonable compensation to Derrell A. Blacks, consultants, caretakers,  employees, managers, agents and others for services rendered. 
X. The power to continue mortgage investments after maturity either with or without renewal or extension. 
Y. The power to buy securities, both foreign and domestic, and gain stock positions  within international and domestic markets. 
Z. The power to prudently buy long and sell short options, futures, and positions of  securities which have contractual agreements. 
AA. The power to withhold income temporarily to build up the corpus of the Trust. BB. The power to determine income and corpus. 
CC. No person other than the Derrell A. Blacks have or exercise the power to vote or direct the voting of any shares or other securities of the Trust Estate; to control the  investment of the Trust Estate either by directing investments or reinvestments;  or by vetoing proposed investments or reinvestments; or to reacquire or  exchange any property of the Trust by substituting other property of an  equivalent value. 
